I’m a student from Sagar India a small town in India, and want to learn Machine learning with Google Cloud platform. I think it will be beneficial for me as Machine learning is demand of now. 
But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course.
I live only for my scholarship (2500INR). 
My Father is a Farmer and we are family of five people my father is the only earning member in my family, it is very hard for us  to manage expenses of Internet broadband connection paying for this course is beyond my limit.
In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate.
Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs.
 So I’m badly in need of this financial aid.
I want to take this course as I want to learn Machine learning with Google cloud platform and Tensorflow

I want to complete the Machine learning specialization with Tensor flow as most of the jobs required Tensor flow skill set and learning from world class teacher will add an advantage to my career goals also.
 This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute.
 It will help perform better in carrying out data science projects smoothly
 A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course.
I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses.
 Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, 
which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera.
 I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity for me and spreading knowledge is a great tool to enhance your skill set.
I will be very thankful to coursera if they provide me to learn this course as it will change my life in near future.

Because my first priority is to complete the courses as i am unemployed i cannot guarantee it is possible, as well as my family financial condition is also not good enough.
My father is the only earning member and we find it difficult to manage monthly expenses it will be difficult for me as of now
 