Medical Supply End Customer Incentive Rebate Form
Rebate Program/Name:   Category Rebate Agreement
Agreement #: Customer Name: Customer Address:
Prepared By:
Date:
Sales Contact Name: Phone:
MS342857NT 0713 Cat
Cedars Sinai 8700 Beverly Blvd Los Angeles CA 90048 Ryan O'Connor 7/1/13
Ryan O'Connor 714-271-4993
Customer / Allied / Super Group Number: 342857		
Start Date:7/1/13            End Date: 6/30/16		
Payments to be made    ^ Annually	Other:	
Product Categories   Magellan Safety Needles		
4 digit code - NTBD		
Customer Membership attached? QYes		
Estimated Annual Rebate Payment ^ SharpSafety First Year Accruals Estimate: 4,232.48
Base Rebate Percentage: 0% Growth Rebate Percentage: 0%
Rebate Description/Special Instructions: 2% of annual Magellan Safety needle sales from July 1, 2013 to June 30, 2016. Paid Annually.
Check off sales class(s) of items to be included for rebate calculation.
	BC	BLOOD COLLECTION	Sharps Safety
	IV	IV ACCESS	Sharps Safety
	NP	PREFILL & INFUSION	Sharps Safety
	NS	STANDARD N&S	Sharps Safety
x	NT	SAFETY HYPODERMIC	Sharps Safety
	SC	SHARPS CONTAINERS AND BRACKETS	Sharps Safety
	TP	THERAPY PRODUCTS	Sharps Safety
Updated 3-2014
Schedule 3 to Exhibit C Form of Category Rebate Agreement
COVJDIEN
Category Rebate Agreement SharpSafety Division
Customer Name Customer Account Number
Street Address
City^ Sta*te? Zip Code
Facilities - Select One: Yes (See Attachment A) Q        No (Customer is a stand-alone facility)
This Category Rebate Agreement (this "Agreement") is between Covidien Sales LLC, or, behalf of its SharpSafety division {"Covidien"), and the facility., system or integrated deliver/ network listed above {"Customer"). If "Facilities" has been selected as "Yes" above, then Attachment A attached hereto is made a part hereof, and incorporated herein by reference. If ''Facilities" has been selected as "No" above, then Customer represents that it is a stand-alone facility, and any references in this Agreement to a "Facility" will be of no effect.
Thirs
Effective Date
1. Term. Unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Agreement, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date shown above and expire simultaneously with the Custom Addendum (the "Term"). In the event the Custom Addendum is terminated earlier for any reason during its initial (or any renewal) term, this Agreement shall automatically and simultaneously terminate. In the event the Custom Addendum is extended, this Agreement shall automatically and simultaneously extend for the same period of time. In the event Customer or any Facility terminates this Agreement, such termination shall not affect the term of the Custom Addendum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will this Agreement extend beyond January 31, 2017.
2. Rebate.
(a) Requirements. To qualify for any rebates hereunder for any Contract Year, Customer must (i) qualify as a Participating Facility under the Custom Addendum, AND (ii) Customer must purchase at least eighty-five percent (85%) of its reasonable and customary requirements for products of the type covered by the Custom Addendum (on a total spend basis) from Supplier under the Custom Addendum, and (iii) purchase at least eighty-five percent (85%) of its reasonable and customary requirements for TB and insulin safety products covered by the GPO Custom Addendum (on a total spend basis) from Supplier under the Custom Addendum. As used herein, "requirements" means Customer's normal and customary usage requirements of products of the kind covered by the applicable agreement.
(b)        Category Rebate. So long as Customer meets the requirements set forth in Section 2(a)
for a Contract Year, Covidien will pay a rebate equal to two percent (2%) of the Net Purchases for such Contract Year.
(c) Payment of Rebates. Covidien will pay any rebate earned hereunder within ninety (90) days after the end of the Contract Year in which it was earned.
3.       Rebate Definitions.
(a) "Contract Year" means the 12-month period commencing upon the Effective Date and each consecutive succeeding 12-month period during the Term.
(b) "Custom Addendum" means that certain Addendum for Safety and Syringe Products by and between Novation, LLC on behalf of West Coast Sourcing Solutions, LLC d/b/a West Coast Purchasing Coalition, and Covidien, with an effective date of [Addendum Date].
(c) "Net Purchases" means the amount received by Covidien from the sale of Products to Customer (and the Facilities) under the Custom Addendum, net of returns, allowances, credits, rebates, taxes (but not the medical device excise tax), freight, and insurance. To the extent Customer (or Facilities) purchase Products through an authorized distributor, the Net Purchases of such Products will be based on the net purchase price received by Covidien from the authorized distributor and will not include any mark-up charged by the authorized distributor.
(d)      "Products" means "Products" as defined under the Customer Addendum.
4. Other incentives. Should Customer (or any Facility, if any) elect to participate in any other Covidien LP program offering an incentive award related to the Products, Covidien reserves the right to either (a) modify this Agreement such that the total rebate being paid hereunder on the Products does not exceed the amount Customer (and the Facilities) would be entitled to under Section 2, or (b) terminate this Agreement.
5. Extraordinary Event Adjustments, Covidien may, in its sole discretion, adjust the amount to be used as the Prior Year's Purchases following (a) a material change in the size or nature of Customer's business as a result of a merger of Customer, an acquisition or divestiture by Customer of a business or product line, a merger, acquisition or divestiture by Covidien of a business or product line, or other extraordinary event, or (b) a material increase or decrease in the purchase prices for the Products paid by Customer to Covidien, or (c) Covidien's failure or inability to supply Products in accordance with valid purchase orders placed by Customer (or the Facilities) during the Term for standard delivery within the Term, if any business or product line related to the Products covered by this Agreement is sold or otherwise divested by Covidien, or any Product is discontinued, all rights and obligations hereunder with respect to the Products of such divested or discontinued product line will automatically terminate upon the effective date of such discontinuance, sale or divestiture.
6, Facility Changes. Customer will give written notice to Covidien of any removal of a facility from its group of Facilities within thirty days (30) days after such removal. Removed Facilities will not be covered by, nor participate under, this Agreement from and after the effective date of removal specified in such written notice. If Customer wishes to add a new facility as a Facility hereunder, Customer will give written notice of such proposed addition to Covidien.   No facility may be added as a Facility
hereunder without Covidien's prior written consent.
7. Confidentiality. Customer and the Facilities shall keep confidential and not disclose to any third party the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that "third party" shall not include Novation, LLC or a Client (as defined in the Product Supplier Agreement dated February 1, 2009 for safety needle and syringe products between Covidien and Novation, LLC).
8. No Diversion. During the Term, Customer (and the Facilities) will (a) purchase all Products directly from Covidien companies or authorized distributors, and (b) not resell any Products to any third party other than Facilities.
9. Treatment of Rebates. The discounts, rebates, or other reduction In price received as a result of the purchase of Products under this Agreement may involve a discount or other reduction in price under federal law at 42 U.S.C. §1320a-7B(b)(3)(A) and regulations issued thereunder. Customer or its Facilities (if any) are responsible for reporting and/or providing information on all discounts, rebates or reductions in price to reimbursement agencies (including Medicare and Medicaid) and other entities in accordance with ail applicable laws and regulations including the provisions of the discount safe harbor exception at 42 C.F.R. §1001.952(h). Customer agrees that it and its Facilities (if any) shall promptly disclose and appropriately reflect any discount, rebate or other reduction in price as may be required under Medicare or any other federal or state health program.
If the services provided by Customer or its Facilities (if any) using the Products purchased hereunder require the reporting of costs on a cost report, then Customer and/or the Facilities (if any) must claim the benefit of the discount in the fiscal year in which the discount is earned or the following year and must fully and accurately report the discount in the applicable cost report. If the services are reflected in a cost report or based on charges through the submission of a fee for service claim. Customer and/or the Facility agrees to provide Information documenting the discount upon request of the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services or by the appropriate state agency.
Customer acknowledges that any payments it may receive pursuant to this Agreement may constitute discounts, insofar as the same are based upon the net purchases by it and any Facilities owned by Customer. Customer agrees to provide its Facilities (if any) with a copy of this Section and advise its Facilities (if any) of their reporting obligations, if any. Customer shall advise its Facilities (if any) regarding reporting requisites that may apply to the value of any discounts, or other reductions in price to their respective state or federal payor in accordance with the requirements of the Medicare/Medicaid anti-kickback statute and regulations.
10. Amendments: Waivers; Termination. This Agreement may not be modified, supplemented or amended except by a written instrument signed by each party. The failure of either party to enforce any provision of this Agreement will in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision, nor in any way to affect the right of either party to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement thereafter. The express waiver by either party of any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with such provision, condition or requirement. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately in the event that the other party commits a material breach of any of the provisions of the Agreement, or without cause by giving the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such termination.
11. Assignment. Customer will not assign this Agreement in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Covidien.
12. Entire Agreement; Severabiiitv; Counterparts. This Agreement {and, as applicable with respect to Section 2(a), the Custom Addendum) constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes ali previous negotiations, agreements and commitments with respect thereto. If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any party or circumstance will be declared void, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will be valid and enforceable to the extent permitted by applicable law. in such event, the parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to replace the invalid or unenforceable provision by a provision that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, achieves the purposes intended under the invalid or unenforceable provision. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original and all of which together will be deemed to be one and the same instrument.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.
[Customer] Covidien Sales LLC
on behalf of its SharpSafety Division
