COVIDIEN
positive results for life'
MS352463-554425NC0716CIR
Medical Supply End Customer Incentive Rebate Form
Rebate Program/Name: Levindale Agreement #: Customer Name: Customer Address: Prepared By:
Date:
Sales Contact Name: Phone:
Levindale Hebrew Geriatric Center and Hospital 2434 WBelvedere Ave Colan Potemra 6/21/2016 Brad Verbosky 410-504-2792
Customer/Allied/SuperGroup Number: 352463-554425 Contract if payable on contract or contract item sales: Start Date: 7/1/2016 End Date: 6/30/2019
Dates fields to use: Customer Type: ^ Distributor
Payments to be made    O Monthly Progress to be tracked: O Monthly Product Exhibit attached? Customer Listing attached?
D End-Customer O Quarterly O Quarterly ?Yes ?Yes
M Annually M Annually
? NA
? NA
Other: Other:
	Accruals
£3 Nursing Care ? Sharps Safety ? Monitoring/OR	First Year Accruals Estimate: 250,000is sales...12,500in rebates First Year Accruals Estimate: First Year Accruals Estimate:
Product Categories:			
Base Fee Percentage:	3%		
Growth Fee Percentage:	5%		
Type of Sales Covered:	^Direct Only	?Traced Only £	Both direct sales and traced
Payments made on:	^Total Sales	?Contract Sales	?Contract Item Sales
Payment Base Period:	?Current Term	E^Prior Term	
Rebate Description/Special Instructions:			
Non-Standard Rebate Instructions:
E3j COVIDIEN
PRODUCT REBATE AGREEMENT
Volume Rebate Program Nursing Care Division
Levindale Hebrew Geriatric Center and Hospital_ 352463-554425
Customer Name Customer Account Number
2434 W. Belvedere Ave._ July 1, 2016
Street Address Effective Date
Baltimore, MP 21215_ Three (3) Years_
City, State, Zip Code Duration of Agreement (in years)
Members - Select One: Yes (See Attachment A) Q No (Customer is a stand-alone facility) [X]
This Product Rebate Agreement (this "Agreement') is between Covidien Sales LLC, on behalf of its Nursing Care division ("Covidien"), and the facility, system or integrated delivery network listed above ("Customed). If "Members" has been selected as "Yes" above, then Attachment A attached hereto is made a part hereof, and incorporated herein by reference. If "Members" has been selected as "No" above, then Customer represents that it is a stand-alone facility, and any references in this Agreement to a "Member" will be of no effect.
PART A - TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. Term. This Agreement will commence as of the Effective Date listed above and will continue for the duration of the Agreement indicated above (the "Term").
2. Rebate.
(a) Voiume Rebate. For each Contract Year in which Net Purchases equal or exceed equal or exceed ninety-five percent (SS%) of of Prior Year's Purchases, Covidien will pay a rebate equal to three percent (3%) of the Nel Purci \ases for such Contract Year.
(b) Payment of Rebates. Covidien will pay any rebate earned hereunder within ninety (90) days after the end of the Contract Year in which it was earned. Covidien reserves the right to withhold rebate payments for so long as Customer is on "credit Hold" with Covidien for non-payment of invoices that have come due. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the aggregate rebate earned with respect to any Contract Year is less than $1,000, then no rebate will be payable with respect to such Contract Year.
3.       Rebate Definitions.
(a) "Contract Yeaf means the 12-month period commencing upon the Effective Date and each consecutive succeeding 12-month period.
(b) "Net Purchases" means the amount received by Covidien from the sale of Products to Customer (and the Members, if any), net of returns, allowances, credits, rebates, taxes, freight, and insurance. To the extent Customer (or Members, if any) purchases Products through an authorized distributor, the Net Purchases of such Products will be based on the net purchase price received by Covidien from the authorized distributor and will not include any mark-up charged by the authorized distributor.
(c) "Products" means the Covidien products offered for sale by Covidien in the categories indicated in Part B as Product Categories, excluding capital equipment.
(d) "Prior Year's Purchases" means, with respect to each Contract Year, the aggregate Net Purchases of Products by Customer (and the Members, if any) from Covidien during the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding such Contract Year.
4.       Other Incentives. Should Customer (or any Member, if any) elect to participate in any other Covidien Sales LLC,
Page 1 of 4
Covidien LP or other affiliate program offering an incentive award related to the Products, Covidien reserves the right to either (a) modify this Agreement such that the total rebate being paid hereunder on the Products does not exceed the amount Customer (and the Members, if any) would be entitled to under Section 2, or (b) terminate this Agreement.
5. Extraordinary Event Adjustments. Covidien may, in its sole discretion, adjust the amount to be used as the Prior Year's Purchases following (a) a material change in the size or nature of Customer's business as a result of a merger of Customer, an acquisition or divestiture by Customer of a business or product line, a merger, acquisition or divestiture by Covidien of a business or product line, or other extraordinary event, or (b) a material increase or decrease in the purchase prices for the Products paid by Customer to Covidien, or (c) Covidien's failure or inability to supply Products in accordance with valid purchase orders placed by Customer (or the Members, if any) during the Term for standard delivery within the Term.
6. Discontinuation. If any business or product line related to the Products covered by this Agreement is sold or otherwise divested by Covidien, or any Product is discontinued, all rights and obligations hereunder with respect to the Products of such divested or discontinued product line will automatically terminate upon the effective date of such discontinuance, sale or divestiture.
7. Membership Changes. Customer will give written notice to Covidien of any removal of a facility from its group of Members within thirty days (30) days after such removal. Removed Members will not be covered by, nor participate under, this Agreement from and after the effective date of removal specified in such written notice. If Customer wishes to add a new facility as a Member hereunder, Customer will give written notice of such proposed addition to Covidien. No facility may be added as a Member hereunder without Covidien's prior written consent.
8. Confidentiality. Customer (and the Members, if any) will keep confidential and not disclose to any third party the terms of this Agreement.
9. No Diversion. During the Term, Customer (and the Members, if any) will (a) purchase all Products directly from Covidien companies or authorized distributors, and (b) not resell any Products to any third party other than Members.
10. Treatment of Rebates. Any discount, rebate, free goods or other reduction in price received as a result of the purchase of Products under this Agreement may involve a discount or other reduction in price under federal law at 42 U.S.C. §1320a-7B(b)(3)(A) and regulations issued thereunder. Customer agrees to provide the Members, if any, with a copy of this Section and advise its Members, if any. of ^heir reporting obligations. Customer (or its Members, if any) are responsible for reporting and/or providing information on &\\ discounts, rebates or reductions in price to reimbursement agencies (including Medicare and Medicaid) and other entities in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations including the provisions of the discount safe harbor exception 3t 42 C.F.R. §1001.952(h). Customer agrees that it (and its Members, if any) will promptly disclose and appropriately reflect any discount, rebate or other reduction in price as may be required under Medicare or any other federal or state hearth program.
If the services provided by Customer (or its Members, if any) using the Products purchased hereunder require the reporting of costs on a cost report, then Customer and/or the Member must claim the benefit of the discount in the fiscal year in which the discount is earned or the following year and must fully and accurately report the discount in the applicable cost report. If the services are reflected in a cost report or based on charges through the submission of a fee for service claim, Customer and/or the Member agrees to provide information documenting the discount upon request of the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services or by the appropriate state agency.
11. Amendments; Waivers; Termination. This Agreement may not be modified, supplemented or amended except by a written instrument signed by each party. The failure of either party to enforce any provision of this Agreement will in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision, nor in any way to affect the right of either party to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement thereafter. The express waiver by either party of any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with such provision, condition or requirement. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately in the event that the other party commits a material breach of any of the provisions of the Agreement, or without cause by giving the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such termination.
12. Assignment. Customer will not assign this Agreement in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Covidien.
12. Entire Agreement; Severability: Counterparts. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous negotiations, agreements and commitments with respect thereto. If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any party or circumstance will be declared
Page 2 of 4
Rev. 7.1.15
void, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will be valid and enforceable to the extent permitted by applicable law. In such event, the parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to replace the invalid or unenforceable provision by a provision that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, achieves the purposes intended under the invalid or unenforceable provision. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original and all of which together will be deemed to be one and the same instrument.
PART B - CATEGORIES
Product Categories
Incontinence and Skin Care (IS) Wound Care (WC)
Urology (UR) Enteral Feeding (EF) Enteral Access (EA) Gastrointestinal (Gl)
PART C - SIGNATURES
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.
CUSTOMER
Covidien Sales LLC
on behalf of its Nursing Care division
By:
Cnlan Potemra
Terrence Carney VtetPmidgnt
Name:
Title:
Rle;
Page 3 of 4
Attachment A Members
Select One:
S      Not applicable. Customer is a stand-alone facility
? Customer is an integrated delivery network or system, and its members that are participating under this Agreement are listed on this Attachment A (the "Members"). Customer represents and warrants that it either owns or has a controlling interest in, or has express contractual authority to make purchasing decisions on behalf of, each of the Members. Customer will give written notice to Covidien of any removal of a facility from its group of Members within thirty days (30) days after such removal. Removed Members will not be covered by, nor participate under, this Agreement from and after the effective date of removal specified in such written notice. If Customer wishes to add a new facility as a Member hereunder, Customer will give written notice of such proposed addition to Covidien. No facility may be added as a Member hereunder without Covidien's prior written consent.
Add List of Members if applicable.
