C 3 COVIDIEN
positive results for life"
Medical Supply End Customer Incentive Rebate Form
Rebate Program/Name: Product Rebate Agreement (Base and Growth Rebate Program)- Maimonides Medical Center
Unknown
Maimonides Medical Center 4802 10th Ave Brooklyn, NY 11219 Liesl Smith for Joshua Hall/Joe Liotta August 1st, 2015 Joshua Hall 6162549360
Agreement #: Customer Name: Customer Address: Prepared By: Date:
Sales Contact Name Phone:
Customer/Allied/SuperGroup Number: 342883		
Contract if payable on contract or contract item sales: Contract Item Sales for all Nursing Care Catagories		
Start Date: 8/1/2015        End Date:	7/31/2016	
. Dates fields to use:		
Customer Type:           ? Distributor	IEI End-Customer	
Payments to be made    ? Monthly	? Quarterly	[3 Annually Other:
Progress to be tracked: ? Monthly	[3 Quarterly	? Annually Other:
Product Exhibit attached?	?Yes	[>3NA
Customer Listing attached?	?Yes	IE1NA
		Accruals
	Nursing Care	First Year Accruals Estimate: Current Base $250,000, Est. Growth
$150,000		
	? Sharps Safety	First Year Accruals Estimate:
	? Monitoring/OR	First Year Accruals Estimate:
Product Categories: Wound Care, Incontinence, Urology, Enteral Access, Enteral Feeding Base Fee Percentage: 2% Growth Fee Percentage: 5%
Type of Sales Covered:  ^Direct Only    QTraced Only  f^Both direct sales and traced Payments made on:      KlTotal Sales    ?Contract Sales   ?Contract Item Sales Payment Base Period:    ^Current Term ?Prior Term Rebate Description/Special Instructions:
Non-Standard Rebate Instructions:
COVIDIEN
Maltnpnides Medical Center
342863
Customer Name
Customer Account Number
4802 lOm.Ave.
AUgust-1,2Qf5
Street Address
Effective Date
, Brooklyn. NY 11219
Clty.'stat'erZl^eodft
One (1) year
Duration of Agreement (In years)
Members - Select One: Yes (See Attachment A) ?
No (Customer is a stand-alone facility) 0
Thl9 Product Rebate Agreement (this "Agreement') Is between Covidien Sales LLC, on behalf of Its Nursing Care division ("Covidien"), and th9 facility, system or Integrated delivery network listed above ("Customet"). If "Members" has been selected as "Yes" above, then Attachment A attached hereto Is made a part hereof, and Incorporated herein by reference, if "Members" has baen selected as "No" above, then Customer represents that It Is a stand-alone facility, and any references In this Agreement to a "Member" will be of no effect,
PART A - TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. Term. This Agreement will commence as of the Effective Date listed abova and will continue for the duration of the Agreement indicated above .(the "Term").
2. Rebate.
(a) Base Rebate. For each Contract Year tn whloh Net Purchases equal or exceed Prior Year's Purchases, Covidien will pay a rebate equal to two percent (2%) of the Net Purchases for such Contract Yeart
(ft) Growth Rebate. For each Contract Year in which Net Purchases exceed Prior Year's Purchases (all such excess above Prior Year's Purchases Is referred to as "Incremental Purchases"), Covidien will pay a rebate equal to five percent (5%) of the Incremental Purchases for such Contract Year.
If after the Effective Date any Member Is added to this Agreement pursuant hereto during a Contract Year, then; (I) such new Member's Net Purchases during the remainder of such Contract Year will not be considered In determining the Growth Rebate for such Contract Year; and (II) such new Member's Net Purchases during the remainder of such Contract Year will be annualized and added to Prior Year's Purchases to determine the Growth Rebate for the following Contract Year. For example, if a new Member Is added to this Agreement at a time when there ara six (6) months remaining in the Contract Year, and Buch new Member's Net Purchases are $25,000 during the remainder of such Contract Year, the Prior Year's Purchases used to determine the Growth Rebate for the following Contract Year will be Increased by $50,000.
(?) pevmegpM R^bms. Covlf efi #ill pay':any rebate earned hereunder within ninety- (90) days after the end of the Contract Year in which It was earned. Covidien reserves the right to withhold rebate payments for so long as Customer is on "credit hold" with Covidien for non-payment of Invoices that have come due, Notwithstanding anything to the contrary In this Agreement, If the aggregate rebate earned with respect to any Contract Year is less than $1,000, then no rebate will be payable with respect to such Contract Year.
3. Rebate Definitions.
{&) "Contract Year" means the 12-month period commencing upon the Effective Date and each conseculive succeeding 12-month period.
(fa)     "Net Purchases" means the amount received by Covidien from the sale of Products to Customer (and
Paga 1 of 4
V9 Rev. 2-24-15
the Members, if any), net of returns, allowances, credits, rebates, taxes, freight, and Insurance, To the extent Customer (or Members, If any) purchases Products through an authorized distributor, the Net Purchases of such Products will be based on the net purchase price received by Covidien from the authorized distributor and will not Include any mark-up charged by the authorized distributor.
(c) "Products" means the Covidien products offered for sale by Covidien In the product categories indicated ih partB. excluding capital equipment.
(d) "Prior Year's Purchases" means, with respect to each Contract Year, the aggregate Net Purchases of Products by Customer (and the Members, If any) from Covidien during the twelve (12) month period Immediately preceding such Contract Year,
4. Other Incentives. Should Customer (or any Member, If any) elect to participate In any other Covidien Sales LLC, Covidien LP 'or other affiliate program offering an incentive award related to the Products, Covidien reserves the right to either (a) modify this Agreement sgch that the total rebate being paid hereunder on the Products does not exceed the amount Customer (and the Members, If any) would be entitled to under Section 2, or (b) terminate this Agreement.
5. ExtrapwiinatjvEyent Adjustments. Covidien m§y-,,in lis. sole- discretion, adjust the amoiintto be used as the Prior Year's"Purchases'following' (a) a material change in the size or nature of Customer's business as a result of a merger of Customer, an acquisition or divestiture by Customer of a business or product line, a merger, acquisition or divestiture by Covidien of a business or product line, or other extraordinary event, or (b) a material increase or decrease In the purchase prices for the Products paid by Customer to Covidien, or (c) Covldlen's failure or Inability to supply Products In accordance with valid purchase orders placed by Customer (or the Members, If any) during the Term for standard delivery within the Term. If any business or product line related to the Products covered by this Agreement Is sold or otherwise divested by Covidien, or any Product Is discontinued, all rights and obligations hereunder with respect to the Products of such divested or discontinued product line will automatically terminate upon the effective date of such discontinuance, sale or divestiture. *
6. Mcmbe rshlti sgha nms,. Customer wiitgiye written notice to Cbyidien of any removal ota-facility from Rsojoup of Members within thirty days" (30) days after such removal. Removed Members will not be covered by, nor participate under, this Agreement from and after the effective data of removal specified in such written notice. If Customer wishes to add a new facility as a Member hereunder, Customer will give written notice of such proposed addition to Covidien, No facility may be added as a Member hereunder without Covldlen's prior written consent.
?, Conftdamiafltv. Customer(and the Mdnibprs, If any) v/lll keep^onfidentiSl and not disclose to any third party the terms of this Agreement.
8, No Diversion. During the Term, Customer (and the Members, If any) will (a) purchase alt Products directly from Covidien companies or authorized distributors, and (b) not resell any Products to any third party other than Members.
9, Treatment of Rebatas. Any discount, rebate, free goods or other reduction In price received as a result of the purchase of Products under this Agreement may Involve a discount or other reduction In price under federal law at 42 U.5.C, §1320a-7S(b)(3)(A) and regulations issued thereunder. Customer agrees to provide the Members, If any, with a copy of this Section and advise Its Members, if any, of their reporting obligations, Customer (or its Members, If any) are responsible for reporting and/or providing information on all discounts, rebates or reductions In price to reimbursement agencies (Including Medicare and Medicaid) and other entitles in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations including the provisions of the discount safe harbor exception at 42 C.F.R, §1001.952(h). Customer agrees that it (and Its Members, if any) will, promptly disclose and appropriately reflect any discount, rebate or other reduction In price as may be required under Medicare or any other federal or state health program.
If the services provided by Customer (or its Members, If any) using the Products purchased hereunder require the reporting of costs on a cost report, then Customer and/or the Member must claim the benefit of the discount In the fiscal year In which the discount is earned or the following year and must fully and accurately report the discount in the applicable cost report. If the services are reflected In a cost report or based on charges through the submission of a fee for service claim, Customer and/or the Member agrees to provide Information documenting the discount upon request of the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services or by the appropriate state agency,
10i Amendment8rvValvera:T6rmlhatloni Th!? Agreeme.nl may not be modified., supp|emehjed or ariiendea'fixcep.t by a written Instrument slgned'by each party. The failure of either party to enforce any provision of this Agreement will In no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision, nor in any way to affect the right of either party to enforce each and every provision of this Agreement thereafter. The express waiver by either party of any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with such provision, condition
Page 2 of 4
V9 Rev, 2-24-16
or requirement, Either parly may terminate this Agreement immediately in the event that the other party commits a material breach of any of the provisions of the Agreement, or withogt cause by giving the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such termination,
11, Assignment, GustbTti^f Will not assign this Agreement In whole or In part without the prior written cpnsenl ot Covidien.
12, Entire Agreement; Severability; Counterparts. This. Agreement constitutes, the entire agreement between the parties with respect'to the subject matter' hereof and supersedes all previous negotiations, agreements and commitments with respect thereto, If any provision of this Agreemeht or the application thereof to any party or circumstance will ba declared void, Illegal or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreemeht will be valid and enforceable to the extent permitted by applicable law, In such event, the parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to replace the invalid or unenforceable provision by a provision that, to Hie extent permitted by applicable law, achieves the purposes Intended under the invalid or unenforceable provision. This Agreement may be executed In counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original and all of which together will be deemed to be one and the same Instrument,
PART B ~ CATEGORIES,
BA	ENTERAL ACCESS
EN	ENTERAL DEEDING
GI	GASTROINTESTINAL
Iff	INCONTINENCE* SKIN CAR6
5W	SPECIALTY WOUND CARE
uii	UROLOGY
we	WOUND CARE
PART C - SIGNATURES
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date, CUSTOMER Covidien Sales LLC
Page 3 Of 4
V9 Rev, 2-24-18
Attachment A
Members
Select pry?:
JSD     Not applicable. Customer Is a stand-alone facility
Q Customer Is an Integrated delivery network or system, and Its members that are participating under this Agreement are listed on this Attachment A (the "Members"). Customer represents and warrants that it either owns gr has a controlling Interest In, or has express contractual authority to make purchasing decisions on behalf of, each of the Members, Customer will give written notice to Covidien of any removal of a facility from its group of Members within thirty days (30) days after such removal. Removed Members will not be covered by, nor participate under, this Agreement from and after the effective date of removal specified in such written notloa. If Customer wishes to add a new facility as a Member hereunder, Customer will give written notice of such proposed addition to Covidien. No facility may be added as a Member hereunder without Covidien's prior written consent.
V9 Rev, 2-24-16
Page 4 of 4